feat(world-modules): callWithSignature chain id is salt (#2648)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/itchy-baboons-camp.md

---
"@latticexyz/world-modules": patch
---

> Moved the chain ID in `CallWithSignature` from the `chainId` to the `salt` field, preventing wallets from attempting to switch networks based on the messages chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moved the chain ID in `CallWithSignature` from the `chainId` to the `salt` field to allow for cross-chain signing without requiring wallets to switch networks.
```
